There are so many books that I'm longing to read. I just love adventures and fairy tales. I think Lumiere is all aflame for Babette the Feather Duster. It's very romantic. Bonjour! I just read the most wonderful book about daring sword fights and a prince in disguise. I'm sure you'd like it. Lumiere was so nice to give me such a wonderful welcome. I never imagined that plates and cups and saucers could be so entertaining. Are you thirsty, Mademoiselle? If Mrs. Potts were here, I'm sure she'd offer you a nice cup of tea. Bonjour, my friend. Oh, I'd love to introduce you to Chip. He's a boy I know. Well, actually, he's a teacup now. You see, he's under an enchanted spell. Bonjour again. Have you seen Philippe, my horse? He went trotting down the road. Oh, I hope he hasn't gone too far. Can you imagine? Gaston asked me to marry him. Me, the wife of that boorish, brainless buffoon. Well, young man, perhaps you can tell me about one of your adventures. I love listening to all kinds of stories. I was scared at first when I agreed to live at the beast's castle. But now, I've come to care for him very much. I'd love to hear the things you dream about. I like adventures and fairy tales. Oh, and horses too! I'm sure we have a lot to talk about. Now, let's see... Lumiere wanted us to dress for dinner. I wonder what our enchanting friend is up to this time. Hello there! I was just looking for my father. His name is Maurice. I don't suppose you've seen him. It's fun to explore new places and learn about new things. I bet you have your own tale to tell by now. Tonight, the Beast has invited me to join him for dinner, and Lumiere is providing the candlelight. You know, you're like a wonderful story filled with surprises. I'm always happy when you're here. Do you think the Beast will like my dress? I'm meeting him for dinner this evening, and I want to look my best. I'm a little nervous. The beast has asked me to dinner, and Mrs. Potts said he may ask me to dance, too. I suppose it is good to put my book down once in a while. I wouldn't want to miss the adventures that are happening here. Oh, hello again. I wish you could meet my father. He'd love to share his inventions with a boy like you. I've recently met an enchanted teapot and a clock, but I'm sure you've seen some exciting things too. Welcome back, Miss. Have you ever seen forks and spoons that sing and dance? Well, at the castle where I'm staying, there really are such things. I wish you could visit the Beast's castle. I'm sure Lumiere and his friends would sing and dance for you. They're always happy to welcome a new guest. I don't know what I'd do if I didn't have dear Mrs. Potts to talk to. She's Very kind and understanding. Living at the castle isn't the same as being at home with Papa. But Lumiere and Cogsworth and Mrs. Potts are just like family to me.


